{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Arial Black;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Black CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Black Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Black Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Black Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Black Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid14907155 
Hyperlink;}}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp1\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1580563\rsid6890092\rsid9571656\rsid14907155}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\title Robert Wannabe}{\author Preferred Customer}
{\operator Preferred Customer}{\creatim\yr2005\mo5\dy1\hr23\min50}{\revtim\yr2005\mo5\dy1\hr23\min58}{\version4}{\edmins3}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords506}{\nofchars2885}{\*\company CSC}{\nofcharsws3385}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind5\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\allowfieldendsel\rsidroot6890092 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\pgbrdropt32\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\ipgp1\pararsid1580563 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f36\fs28\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Robert Wannabe
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 35 Filmont Street
\par Bridgewater, NJ 08806
\par Home (908) 555 - 1212
\par Work (908) 555 - 5555 x5555
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\ipgp1\pararsid14907155 {\field{\*\fldinst {\f1\insrsid14907155  HYPERLINK "mailto:}{\f1\insrsid14907155\charrsid14907155 bob@betasearch.com}{\f1\insrsid14907155 " }{
\f1\insrsid14907155\charrsid6906891 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001300000062006f006200400062006500740061007300650061007200630068002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b340000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0062006f0062004000620065007400610073006500610072006300
68002e0063006f006d000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\f1\ul\cf2\insrsid14907155\charrsid6906891 bob@betasearch.com}}}{\f1\insrsid14907155 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\ipgp1\pararsid1580563 {\v\f36\insrsid9571656\charrsid1580563 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 SUMMARY
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 
This section is where you will summarize your experience and pertinent skills for the job you want. Use Bullet headings or table format, (for IT skills). Do not over use this section. Again, this section should summarize your abilities in a concise way. T
his area is an attention grabber. Here are a few examples.\line - Five years prior management experience.\line - \{Put specific job related skill set here, i.e. to follow\}\line - Extensive cash flow analysis skills. Use of PROJECT, ARGUS, &\~
Spreadsheet SW.\line \line IT or other technical people with many skills that are summarized in a word or phrase can use a table format.
\par }{\f36\insrsid9571656 
\par }{\v\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 SKILLS AND ABILITIES
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Specific skills are noted here. Remember, in this resume format, this section is the one most eyes will gravitate towards first. Imagine y
our resume in a pile to be reviewed in a given day. Does something jump off the page and grab your attention about this candidate. It better do so in the first few lines or the employer will move on.
\par If your abilities require phrases to describe, us bullet headings. If you are an IT person, you may want to table your skills for the most reader friendly format.
\par }{\f1\insrsid9571656 
\par }{\v\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
\par Company Name, City, State
\par Job Title, 19xx - 19xx
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Briefly describe your responsibilities in this section. Use short concise 
language or again use bullet headings. No more than 4-5 per job. Remember, the resume should be easy to read through quickly. Your resume may be one of a hundred a reviewer must look at in a day. Try to start of each bullet heading with an action word or 
verb. (i.e. - Managed; Created; Revised; Accelerated; Contracted; Supervised; etc.)
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Company Name, City, State
\par Job Title, 19xx - 19xx
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Same description format as noted above.\line \line Another point to remember is to list work experience in reverse order, starting with your present employer and working backwards.
\par 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Company Name, City, State
\par Job Title, 19xx - 19xx
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Try to list relevant jobs. This applies mostly to younger people, with little experience or people with a career change in mind. Do not go extensively into yo
ur experience as a waiter, cashier or parking lot attendant, (potentially jobs you had while attending school), if you are applying for an IT position with heavy technical requirements.\line 
If you have no other references, then try to show a related work envir
onment or crossover skill set. For example, while working at a car wash, you helped implement, (or operate), a state of the art, fully automated system with computer network monitoring from a central station. If you are in the midst of a career change, em
phasize your potential cross over skills to the new field.\line Get the idea?
\par 
\par }{\v\f36\insrsid9571656\charrsid1580563 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 MILITARY SUMMARY
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 Starting with most recent station, list responsibilities and duties at each. Note any particular crossover skills such as management or technical skills.
\par Note awards and or honors which were obtained.
\par Try to be descriptive in a brief way and use action words and phrases.
\par }{\f1\insrsid9571656 
\par }{\v\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 
\par }{\f36\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 EDUCATION AND TRAINING
\par School Name, City, State
\par B.A., Major, Minor: Minor, 19xx
\par }{\f1\insrsid1580563\charrsid1580563 GPA: xx, Major GPA: xx. Briefly note any awards, committees, offices held or affiliations from school. Do so in a concise way and remember to emphasize any related issues to the job or field you want to enter.}{
\f1\insrsid9571656\charrsid1580563 
\par }}